Preparing to stretch your ambitions
When business owners think about growth, they can often feel constrained by their current resources. 
This exercise encourages you to put aside those constraints and stretch your ambitions. 
Later in the course, you will consider feasibility, ensuring your plans are practical, but for now you are going to think bigger:
    1. What would your opportunity look like if you had more resources available to you? 
    2. What would you do to stretch the boundaries of your growth opportunity a little further if you were offered more funding? 
Complete the following exercise and take time to explore the issues. Think about the changes you would make, if any, should there be changes to your current circumstances.

FEASIBILITY CHECKLISTS
Feasibility Checklists allow you to assess the viability of a new business concept. So far, you
have been encouraged to think differently about your opportunity without financial barriers. The
next exercise allows you to reflect on the suitability of your potential growth opportunity.
First, consider Sabrina's process for evaluating the feasibility of her growth opportunity. This will
give you a sense of how the process of checking the feasibility of an opportunity can give you
confidence in approaching your vision for business growth.
How did you determine if your opportunity was feasible?
Sabrina: “Every time we launch a new project, for example, take invisible hearing aids the first
thing we need to do is a Feasibility Checklist and market research. The way we manage a
project is very pragmatic and goal-oriented. After completing the Feasibility Checklist, we also
evaluate the risks in order to minimize these and maximize positive market impact. This entire
project management approach was learned during the 10,000 Women program. It taught me
that everything could be treated as a project.”
Examine the market
Sabrina: “The main problem concerning the Chinese hearing aid market is that the utility rate is
very low. Out of 100 elderly people, only 2% would choose to wear a hearing aid. This is mainly
due to the difference in awareness and how people value the severity of hearing disability. In
the United States, the utility rate of hearing aids is estimated around 25% to 30%. Therefore,
from the perspective of the utility rate, we see a big potential in the Chinese hearing aid market.”
Study what consumers want
Sabrina: “We decided to specialize in invisible hearing aids, due to the fact that, typically, only
1-2% of elderly people choose to wear a hearing aid and only at a very late stage when their
hearing is already very bad. They need a very powerful product. Due to the Chinese social
mentality, elderly people do not want other people to notice that they have hearing issues.
Therefore, after considering the Chinese situation, we decided to focus on the R&D of a
powerful and invisible device.”
Investigate what your competition is doing
Sabrina: “Another important issue is that the retail price of hearing aid devices in China is very
high. For example, the price of an invisible device starts from RMB 16,800 and goes up to RMB
49,800. Therefore, in these circumstances, we aim to develop a product that is affordable to
FEASIBILITY CHECKLISTS
every senior citizen, and is half the price of the competitors. We have received good feedback
from our customers.”
Convert the opportunity into results
Sabrina: “After three years of hard work, we have developed our star product, AcoSound
invisible hearing aid, which is now the bestselling and leading invisible hearing aid brand in
China.”
Jiyoung: Now you have heard Sabrina's story, you can move on to the next exercise, where
you will start to analyze the feasibility of your own opportunity.

Assessing the feasibility of your opportunity
To assess your opportunity, you need to gather a significant amount of knowledge and information. It is important that you:
    1. examine your market 
    2. study what consumers want 
    3. investigate what your competition is doing
    4. identify the resources you need to convert the opportunity into a desired outcome.

Keep in mind that this checklist  is not exhaustive. It is no substitute for detailed analysis and ‘in-the-field’ research, which you can conduct by talking to potential customers, suppliers, partners, and advisors. As you complete the checklist, you should continue to gather information to assess and refine your opportunity further.
You can find out more about conducting a detailed analysis to maximize value for your target customers and your business in one of the other 10,000 Women courses, Fundamentals of Customers and Competition.
Exercise
In a document or notepad, briefly answer the following questions:
    1. What are the risks associated with your opportunity?
    2. Where will you find your first five customers? And your next five?
    3. Will your new customers be different from your current customers? If so, how?
    4. How easy will it be for you to enter your new market space?
    5. What price is your market willing to pay?
    6. What changes might you have to make to your business to implement this opportunity?

Is your opportunity feasible?
Closely examine and reflect on your answers to the questions you just answered:
    1. How difficult was it to answer the questions fully?
    2. Do you need further information/data to answer fully?
    3. Is there anything that appears inconsistent or conflicts with your current business?
This short exercise should have encouraged you to consider how your existing resources and business activities can drive success. If you wish, you can complete the other courses in 10,000 Women, to explore each area of your opportunity in much more detail. However, by considering the validity of your underlying assumptions early on, you should be able to spot any major issues or gaps in your knowledge that you need to address.
Remember, you are still at the very early stage of planning your growth opportunity.
Identifying the right opportunity now will ensure you have a greater chance of success. 
