Introducing the Business Growth Plan
Patricia: “The Business Growth Plan was extremely valuable because without that, I would
have been doing things without actually knowing the reasons why.”
Clarice: “It's of huge value because it allowed me to envisage our growth and put it into
practice. It was like a cake recipe, in that I was putting together each of the ingredients and
watching it transform – initially in written form, and then in practice. Every time I had any
questions, I turned to it as a place where I could find answers to the doubts I had that were
arising over time.”
Madge: “I once thought that business plans are written for investors to see, or they are simply
left there. After training, I truly understood that it needs to be implemented accordingly. We can
only understand our market, our competitors, and where are the funds we need by planning.
Therefore, a business plan is an important tool with which we build a great company in the next
three to five years.”
Kalyani: “For me, the Business Growth Plan really helped me to scale up my business. The
entire team sits down and make a Business Growth Plan for the next three years, and we keep
revisiting the Business Growth Plan every six months to see what worked and what didn't work.”
Jiyoung: These women are discussing how their Business Growth Plan benefited their
business.
Which of the following have you previously prepared for your business?
A. A financial plan.
B. A business plan.
C. Any other plan.
D. Never had a written plan.
Often, business owners write a plan while applying for external finance or preparing a
presentation to external stakeholders. However, growing a business is about more than the
finances alone. There is a whole range of aspects that must be considered when growing a
healthy, successful business. Your marketing plans, operational plans, people management
plans, all need to be considered. By documenting and articulating these consistently, you will
have greater control in implementing them. This is where the Business Growth Plan comes in.
A Business Growth Plan, or BGP, is written by you, for you. It will allow you to systematically
plan your business's future. The BGP summarizes the various aspects of your business, with
specific focus on your new business opportunity. In your Business Growth Plan, you will record
your opportunity, your teams and leadership style, your sales and marketing strategies, your
finances and your next steps for the next three months, six months, and beyond.
WHAT IS THE BUSINESS GROWTH PLAN?
The BGP is not only for your personal benefit, it's also a valuable document for communicating
clearly and consistently with internal and external stakeholders. Writing your Business Growth
Plan will help you:
- Present a clear and strong statement of your business opportunity to your funders. It will
enable them to see the attractiveness of your offering, and why they should invest in your
business.
- Plan a systematic and coherent approach for your customers or clients for your business
opportunity.
- Create energy in your team. A plan ensures alignment of all your people to the business
objectives and goals.
- Attract supply chain partners. You can provide them with a clear statement of what you
would need from them, and how they can succeed with you.
You'll develop your Business Growth Plan at relevant stages, you will collate information and
write content in your growth plan. Remember, the Business Growth Plan is your document to
guide your business growth. Make sure that you develop, update, and refine it as you progress.

Philosophy of the Business Growth Plan
The Business Growth Plan (BGP) is a tool that can help you analyze yourself, your business, and your environment, so you can plan accordingly. It focuses on four key elements:
The four key elements of the Business Growth Plan: 1. Personal, 2. Timely, 3. Measured, 4. Targeted.
1. Personal: The BGP is created by you and for you. You do not prepare the BGP for an external audience like a banker or a consultant. You will use the BGP to make changes to both your business and your leadership, in order to achieve your objectives. 
2. Timely: The BGP is an actionable document. It focuses on activities that you and the rest of your team need to perform in a timely manner to ensure the success of your business. Therefore, the BGP will always be a ‘live’ document, in the sense that you will update it with any actions you and your team have taken, and the steps you will follow. 
3. Measured: The BGP is an objective document where every plan or intent is supported with measurable data. The BGP will motivate you to identify, gather and evaluate metrics for all aspects of your opportunity to guide your business's growth.
4. Targeted: Your BGP focuses on the opportunity that you have identified, and will drive your business to the next level of growth. 

Identifying your goals
Whether you plan to complete a BGP or not, your goals are a key aspect of evaluating your business opportunity. It may sound obvious but business owners who set goals are more likely to achieve them, as they provide a way to measure success. Without a manager or mentor to give positive feedback, how will you know when you have made good progress?
However, they also provide a strong foundation for your BGP. Your goals can help steer your BGP in the right direction, support the actions you are choosing to undertake, and motivate you even when the journey feels difficult. If you have a clear purpose in mind as you write your BGP, you can naturally shape the document as you develop it, and less editing will be required later to make it fit for purpose.
The key aspect of successful goal-setting is to make your goals measurable and time-bound.
Is your goal measurable?
Check that each goal is measurable. How can you calculate that you have achieved your goal? Examples of simple measurable goals include:
    Take on three apprentices.
    Act as a mentor to two other business owners.
    Sit in on an industry body or a professional association for six months.
Is your goal time-bound?
To ensure that your goal is time-bound, map the growth goals on a timeline, ensuring that you have assigned measures to each one.

